[music playing]
[gasps]
-[chair rattling]
-[grunting]
-[footsteps shuffling]
-Huh?
[Koku sighs]
[gasps]
[theme music playing]
[woman vocalizing]
[insects chirping]
Just what do you guys want from me?
I want your help on a job.
A job?
Not happening.
Are you saying you don't care
what happens to Keith Flick?
Leave me out of your sick game!
I get you, but if he happens to die...
then I'll just have to make Yuna
my next target.
Don't mock me!
If you don't accept my offer,
I'll kill Canopus.
Though he's gonna kick the bucket
in four days anyway.
Yuna will be next,
followed by Lily Hoshina
and everyone you've ever known.
They'll all die,
wiped out like they were never here.
[gasping]
[Yukikaze] Koku.
To put it simply,
I'm gonna have to have you kill God.
But that's...
A symbol in the collective consciousness.
[Kazhan] The details of the operation
are in there.
You'll be asked to eliminate
the persons we assign within 48 hours,
so be on standby.
As long as the job's done,
we'll release Keith Flick.
You fail, and we'll reset the timer...
as well as kill someone else.
[gasps]
For example...
Oh.
Even if you were to kill us,
it wouldn't save Yuna.
[gasps]
Yeah, and saving Yuna is your
self-appointed role. Isn't that right?
What's the matter? Can't you do it?
[Koku sighs]
I beseech you, Canon of Jaula Blanca,
swing your swift and mighty blade.
Ever since I sent out the order for
that raid, I've been prepared for this.
That said,
I shall not become ash on this day.
[grunts]
[sighs]
[distant truck engine rumbling outside]
What should I do?
[gasps]
[ominous music playing]
[sighs] I guess he hasn't changed.
I told you, didn't I?
Reality won't set in for him
until he kills someone first.
He had it backwards. He's mocking us.
It would seem
you're a weakling with a kind heart.
And in the end, you'll throw us away.
[crowd cheering]
[car engines rumbling]
-[cheering continues]
-There he is!
-All hail the king! All hail the king!
-All hail His Majesty, the king!
-Whoo-hoo! Yeah!
-Yeah!
-Whoo!
-Yeah! That's right!
[cheering continues]
-Explain yourself!
-Take responsibility, damn it!
-Stop human experiments!
-Don't run from this!
[cheers and protests fade]
Where's Zachary?
Well, sir, there's still no word,
not even a demand for a ransom
or declaration of a crime.
Not that there would be, if that thing's
a child of Jaula Blanca, that is.
Then it's vengeance.
You're not fit to be the king!
You're a terrible ruler!
-Your Highness?
- Drive on.
Highness...
the people--
no, the entire world is becoming aware.
Perhaps we should implement
a more advanced system
as soon as possible.
It wasn't too long ago
that this country was in complete ruin.
If it weren't for Zachary
and Dr. Albert Ross,
it wouldn't have recovered.
You should have known that.
Even so...
Sudden upheaval
will do little but rouse chaos.
I'm telling you that I need more time.
But, Highness...
That coup d'etat commotion the other day,
you're the one who sparked it, aren't you?
[king] Gilbert Ross ran amok,
and the Reggies
are becoming relics of the past.
Both these things are fact.
I know a great deal too much
about your actions
to feign denial of such things.
However, you must also admit it's a fact
that the fear the Reggies create
maintains the authority
of the Royal Palace.
[prince] That sounds
like a fair interpretation.
But isn't it possible this outlook
could cause problems
for the country down the road?
It's okay now.
Change the world
when it's your time to rule.
The future will be upon you soon enough.
But for now, this is still my country.
Yes, right you are.
[cell phone buzzing]
Go ahead.
-Your Highness.
-Hmm?
Zachary has just been found.
We're now live at the scene
where the body of former Senator Zachary
was found alongside a familiar mark.
Police say the mark belongs to Killer B,
who's gone unseen recently.
Citizens have already begun
to voice their fears
about the dangers
of serial murders starting up again.
Take a look.
There's been
an unconfirmed witness report
that the victim was attacked
by some kind of winged monster.
Mother of God.
They even uploaded images of the body.
Or there was a leak.
Mario, Boris, you're both with me.
We need answers.
-Got it.
-Roger.
Good. Kaela, Bran,
you look into
where they got this information from.
Legal channels only?
Up to you.
Lily, go find Keith.
Huh?
You're our best hope. Please.
Yeah, I'm on it.
-[Kaela] This one, too.
-[cup clatters]
Hey, Bran, I'm heading off to my cubicle!
You can take it from here!
Got ya!
[sighs] Hold on.
What's the security code?
My measurements!
Are they the same?
Two more centimeters on my waist!
It's because all you ingest
is booze and carbs.
-Constipation's a bitch!
-[door closes]
[growls]
[cell phone buzzing]
[buzzing continues]
[buzzing stops]
Is there a problem?
Not at all. Everything is under control.
There's no need to be alarmed.
How did things go on your side,
Your Highness?
He turned me down flat.
He won't move on from the past.
Change terrifies him.
Is that so?
[prince] We're going ahead with
the operation as planned immediately.
It's imperative we begin
the second-generation research
the moment we're able.
[Kirisame] Right as the Eastern powers
are increasing the budget
of their Canon Project, huh?
[prince] That land
is the Tiger of the East.
If we falter,
they'll catch up in no time...
monopolizing our rights and interests.
We don't have a moment to waste.
As you say.
[wind blowing]
[sighs]
[gasping]
[panting]
That was close.
I'm getting dehydrated.
At best, I got about 12 hours left.
[stomach gurgles]
[sighs]
Huh?
This rain?
Wow. Comes up to even here.
[dramatic music playing]
[music fades]
Are you sure about this,
appearing in public when there
are dissenters out en masse?
I'm prepared for death
every time I come before the public.
I'll live as a proud king
and die as such always.
That's the fate of one
who calls himself the lord of a nation.
My father, the previous king,
taught me that.
[prince sighs]
[wind gusting]
[grunts]
[bell tolls]
[crowd murmuring]
[soft crying, murmuring]
[bell tolls]
[ominous music playing]
[running footsteps]
Eh? Huh?
[dynamic music playing]
[both groan]
-[blow strikes]
-[guard groans]
[gasps]
[dynamic music continues]
Majesty.
[chorus vocalizing]
What are the details?
A trespasser has been found
inside the palace.
We believe it's the same thing
that attacked Sir Zachary.
Are you sure? Where is it?
We must take you to a safe place.
- Let's go.
-No.
-[gasps]
-We're proceeding as is.
Please, sir.
I know how you must be feeling,
but think about all the other attendees.
We must suspend the ceremony
and evacuate the crowd.
You both need to find a place to hide.
Now please hurry.
Majesty.
[grunts]
-[explosion]
-[crowd screaming]
[man] It's a bomb!
[gasps]
[shooting stops]
[guards groaning]
[prince shudders]
[gasps]
[shudders]
You're coming with me.
Pardon?
Until I can resolve a certain issue,
you'll have to hide.
[king grunts]
[Koku] If you obey me,
I guarantee your safety.
Am I supposed to put my faith in you?
You, the demon who killed Zachary?
That wasn't me.
[sighs]
[prince] This is
just as Kirisame predicted.
[Koku gasps]
Sadly, it would seem to appear that
you're determined not to join our side.
What does that mean?
[prince] The clock has already started.
Time is of the essence, so we'll
have no choice but to use force.
[gasps]
[grunts]
Why do you protect this man?
You were ordered by Kirisame
to kill him, weren't you?
[both grunting]
[dynamic music playing]
[woman vocalizing]
[groans]
[ominous music playing]
[gasps]
Everything's happening
exactly as you said it would.
Understood.
No problem. I'll do it myself.
[gasping]
[yelps]
[gasps]
Koku.
You should give in.
[Kazhan grunts]
No need to give chase.
[dramatic music playing]
[singing in Japanese]